{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chinmay Pandhare\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Contact Me\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Platform\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Contact\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Email\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ccpandhare@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ccpandhare@gmail.com
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 LinkedIn\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linkedin.com/in/ccpandhare"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ccpandhare
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 WhatsApp\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+917718823969"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
+91 7718823969
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Phone\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qc \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+919829533001"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
+91 9829533001
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani \u8211- Pilani Campus\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 B.E. Electrical and Electronics Engineering (Current student)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Year of Graduation : 2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Bio\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am a developer and develop in many languages including, but not limited to {\f1 JavaScript}, {\f1 Node.js}, {\f1 Python}, {\f1 C/C++}. Most of my experience is in Web Development. I pick up new technologies with ease.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Google Summer of Code 2017 (June 2017 - Present)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am currently a GSoC student for the organization {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://publiclab.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PublicLab
}}}
. My project is to create a system for image manipulation. The repository for the same can be found {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/publiclab/image-sequencer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
here
}}}
. The project is in {\f1 Node.js}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 Jhunjhunu District Court (January 2017 - Present)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am working on a project for the District Court of Jhunjhunu, Rajasthan. This project aims at reducing corruption and the digitization of file copying system. It involves creating a WebApp. Upon success, the project will be replicated across the state of Rajasthan. The project\u8217's backend is written in {\f1 PHP}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Team Work\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 DVM BITS Pilani (August 2016 - Present)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am a front-end developer at the Department of Visual Media (DVM) in BITS Pilani. It is responsible for developing Websites, Mobile Applications, Registration Software and Trailers, Teasers, Videos of the fests at BITS Pilani. My major contributions have been to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bits-bosm.org/2017/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
BOSM Intro Website
}}}
. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/dvm-bitspilani"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
This
}}}
 is the link to the Department GitHub organization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 NSS, BITS Pilani (March 2017 - Present)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am a Web Developer for the National Service Scheme, BITS Pilani Chapter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs24 CEL, BITS Pilani (August 2016 - December 2016)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 For a short period of time, i was a member of the Centre for Entrepreneurial leadership n BITS Pilani.\par}
}
